Cash money, cash money indeed.
It's almost like you know when I'm gonna stream or something.
Step in front of a runaway train Just to feel alive again Pushing forward through the night Taking just a glimmer of sight It's all part of something
It's so far, so far away Cold wind blows into the skin
It's so far, so far away Who are you trying to impress?
Steadily creating mess Stood in front of a runaway train
We should be going through the night Making just a blurry sight Making just a blurry sight
I said, Jedis don't give up.
I mean, even if he had a problem, he would maybe take a year to try and regroup.
But if he made a mistake, he would try and right that wrong.
So right there, we had a fundamental difference.
It's not my story anymore.
It's somebody else's story.
And Ryan needed me to be a certain way to make the ending effective.
That's the crux of my problem.
Luke would never say that.
I'm sorry.
Well, in this version, see.
I'm talking about the George Lucas Star Wars.
This is the next generation of Star Wars.
So I almost had to think of Luke as another character.
Maybe he's Jake Skywalker.
He's not my Luke Skywalker.
But I had to do what Ryan wanted me to do because it serves the story well.
But listen, I still haven't accepted it completely.
But it's only a movie.
I hope people like it.
I hope they don't get upset.
And I came to really believe that Ryan was the exact
man that they needed for this job.
I'm sorry, I don't want anybody to think that Mark Hamill is a putz.
I think Mark Hamill is being used.
I don't think that he's got a lot of choice.
I think anybody that's been on that side of Hollywood for that long either knows or has existed just outside of knowing, you know, kind of like they do in the military with the look-away doctrine.
We don't need to know what's behind that curtain.
I assume I know what's behind that curtain, but please don't tell me.
And so that's why he's doing these sort of over-the-top ads for Biden right now.
It's almost like, I'll do it, but I'm gonna do it in such an over-the-top ridiculous way that I'm gonna still be able to say what I want to say.
And he kind of did that with Star Wars too.
So I get it.
He's a putz, but I mean, I don't know.
I've got no video or music over here.
Anyone?
I've got video.
Anyone else?
Just refresh.
Talk to me, Goose.
you
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, and it's measles plus.
Okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
No, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
so so
the the
Good morning, everyone, from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is Guillaume Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
We are trying to dispel the enchantment, and that enchantment is a chorus of people agreeing to lie to us.
The microphone feels a little hot there.
Let me see if I got that right now.
Good morning, everybody.
It's good to see everybody in the chat.
I want to take a little break from the biology, so to speak, but not a break from this illusion.
But I want to approach it from a very different angle today, because I think we put people very much on their heels.
And oftentimes, oftentimes, I'm finding it better
to relax a little bit once we shift the momentum like we have.
Because they're still not even coming close to really discussing this stuff.
Placebo batches are just absolutely nothing that anyone can talk about.
The discussion of infectious clones as transfection and transformation in cell culture
and that being the essential methodology of virology.
No one seems to be able to talk about that.
They just want you to think that, yeah, we make viruses, yeah, we can do that.
Nothing, no chitter-chatter about, wow, Jessica really needs to be, we need to really figure out what this Jessica Hockett is talking about.
Nothing.
Just crickets on, let's make a list of how many different ways the protocols were murdered.
Just nothing.
Let's talk about gain of function and try to define it.
Nothing.
And still, none of these people can come to the possibility that, hey, maybe the government just lied about this stuff.
Maybe the government and pharmaceutical companies together lied about it.
Maybe the government and the pharmaceutical companies and media companies and social media just lied about it.
They can't come to that possibility.
It's like, nah, that can't happen.
It could be a spontaneous group of people and lemmings that just decide to run us all off of a cliff because they want to make money and buy expensive cars.
Could be.
They want a bigger house.
I guess it could be that.
But it could never be a bunch of people that want all that stuff and more working together to tell us a story that would accomplish the same thing.
No way.
That would be just nuts.
Well, there's gonna be a little bit of problem here, because again, if you're attributing bad motives to Jessica without just saying, okay, I think Jessica's bad, but her point about New York City is incredible, then you're not really doing it.
Just like if you put a crack pipe in my mouth, and you don't say anything about the biology that I've been trying to teach for the last four years, then you're not usefully engaging in a debate, and in fact,
You're doing what this almost completely unknown American said many, many years ago.
You can engage in any kind of belief if you use that level of reasoning.
And of course, they also have weaponized piles of money behind them.
They also have the pre-programmed benefit of social media behind them.
The real censorship is not the stuff that you can cry about.
The real censorship is not the stuff where you then get promoted somewhere else.
The real censorship isn't actually seen.
How incredibly crazy is it that these people that have been trying to teach us about fifth generation warfare try to make you believe that the censorship is as easy as showing you that, look, I got canceled from LinkedIn.
Look, YouTube took away my monetization.
Look, we had to go to Gab.
Look, we have a locals group.
Look, we had to go to Discord.
Look, PayPal took away my money.
And then you go on Tucker and say it.
You get promoted by other people who are pro- what?
The censorship that matters is not actually visible because they have control over the thing you're looking through.
You really think that the censorship that's visible that people get to cry about is actually relevant?
Wouldn't that be a pretty crappy system of censorship?
Are we really that dumb?
We need to learn this history before they erase it.
We need to stop asking the questions that they are arguing about.
Because the charlatans have power over us because they have made us.
They have created a propensity, an almost impossibility to ask the right question, a propensity to always be arguing about the wrong questions.
And then only one question, and focus really hard on it.
And this is only half of the charlatans.
This is only the forward-facing TV version of the charlatans.
And if we're gonna make gentle the life of this world, we're gonna have to understand our history with a little more nuance than what's being offered to us.
A little more nuance than what's being offered to us, ladies and gentlemen.
This is what it is right here.
You see, this is an artificial sea wave.
This is an artificial wave generated by the machine that you see to the left there, and that's why it's such a perfect wave.
And this perfect wave is very akin to what they did to social media and have been doing to mainstream media for decades.
They create stories.
They create limited spectrums of debate, which people are able to very vigorously swim through and feel the currents of and say, see, I see the wave.
I see it.
It's a pandemic.
It's an illusion of consensus created by a bunch of people on the internet and on TV that agree that certain questions are the right ones to ask and the answers are the right ones to argue about.
You gotta stay focused on the biology that you can learn.
You can't take any of their social media bait because it's almost exclusively lies.
Exaggerations.
And you've gotta work on trying to develop a relationship with your neighbors and your community again.
And especially those in your immediate vicinity because...
When social media decides to throw out the right bait, only a resilient community that's connected from within is gonna be able to resist it.
Ladies and gentlemen, the way that GigaOM Biological works is people share this work and not enough people are doing it.
We need more Soothspiders.
That would be great, but we need more people sharing what Soothspider does and what Jeff from Earth has got some just an amazing wealth of videos on Instagram that you can easily take and post elsewhere.
and we really need that because I know this sounds like a never-ending story but or never-ending complaining but we are running on fumes here and it's fine because an RV can run on fumes but I would like it very very much if I could put some of the stress off of my family and off of the inability to
to see very far forward.
And that would be being able to, you know, not have to... Anyway, if you can find a way to support or share the work, sharing would really help a lot because we just don't seem to get any views.
And so nobody new sees it.
And so the people that are already able to support the stream and are sharing it regularly are doing that.
And so we need more people.
And so I need your...
participation in that at the same time as we try to bring people to understand what it means to engage in informed noncompliance.
I'm really excited to be here.
Very happy with our progress this past few weeks.
Thank you very much, everyone.
Thank you very much.
This is GigaOM Biological.
Good morning, everybody.
Hazel Green, Wisconsin.
An alligator.
Interesting.
It's June 9th, 2024.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It's 1129.
And yeah, it's a nice day.
It's windy, but it's sunny.
I think it's going to be warm for the rest of the day.
I'm excited.
I'm a human just like you.
I've got a family.
I rent my house.
I don't have a book deal.
I was hired by Children's Health Defense and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for a year and then hired by Children's Health Defense and Mary Holland for six months.
And I used to be a faculty member at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine before the pandemic.
I will be speaking at the Red Pill Expo next weekend.
Anybody that wants to can also join in a live stream.
And I very much encourage you to do so.
I'm going to do my best to represent the last four years of work that many of you have participated in as best I can.
And I'm not going to pull any punches because this may be the only time I ever get to be on stage and have this kind of audience.
So if you only get one shot when they give you the microphone,
right?
You got no other choice.
So we're going to basically try to work really hard so that people can't deny.
Oh, there we went.
Oh, I didn't load that in.
Is that what happened here?
Okay, let me see if that's the case.
Sorry about that.
Producer fell asleep while he was, there it is.
That's what it is.
I didn't set that camera yet.
Sometimes, you know, fancy set up like mine with two cameras, not one.
Whoa, I'm almost like, I'm almost like Dr. Drew over here with producers and stuff.
I got two cameras.
Oh, it's not gonna like this yellow, of course.
It's not gonna like this yellow.
So intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
Of course, anybody with a brain on their shoulders could have taken this further.
Anybody with 100,000 or a million followers that's supposed to be an evolutionary biologist that had me on signal or an epidemiologist that's met me in person several times
could have taken these ideas and tried to distill them down into something a little more understandable, like weaponize piles of money, murdered people, and convince people to agree about it being a lab leak.
You know, convince people like Zuby and Dan Wilson, the old vaccine schedules, injuring and killing thousands every year, and getting a bunch of people like Dan Wilson and Zuby to agree not to talk about that.
We don't need to fear free-range RNA molecules.
It's a very clever way of saying that these virologists have grossly over-exaggerated the fidelity of their understanding, and yet nobody seems to be able to say this stuff.
The no-virus people can't get past viral culture, isolation, and purification.
They could never say any of these things, you know, to bolster their claim that, look, there's this lie about virology, and then there's this murderer that they lied about to preserve that lie about virology.
See how easy it is?
You don't need an hour.
And yet somehow or another, these people have had four years.
And the only person that's been able to get here is me, and that's the only person that they agree isn't worth listening to across the board.
The no virus people think I'm a meddler working for RFK still.
It's extraordinary.
I have wonderful thumbnails on Kevin McCairn's Rumble page with me taking money from Pharisees.
And Kevin has Mark and I riding a merry-go-round.
And it's hilarious that they could just debunk this page right here, this screen right here with some, look, we know that this is bull, but they won't.
They can't touch it with a 10-foot pole unless they can start with, well, there was a furin cleavage site.
And that's because these people were put in place at the beginning of the pandemic and before some of the more trusted sources like Brett Weinstein, Carl Peterson, and Joe Rogan were put in place before the pandemic.
This is a multi-generational plan.
So there's gonna be a few years that you weren't aware about.
There's gonna be a few machinations that happened in the background, a few legislations that were passed.
that people like Catherine Watt have done very good at putting out the 21st Century Something Something Act and the PrEP Act and these other things that all add up together.
But there are specific places that we could focus our attention.
And very few people that have risen high enough to matter have been able to succinctly say any of the things that we say consistently here on this channel.
They can say one of them, they can say a form of one of them, but none of them are able to add it all up and to realize that the simpler you can say it, the better.
Some of these people now are like, well, iatrogenic genocide or iatrogenic euthanasia, or they can't quite say murder.
And the spread of bad ideas is still happening now.
It is very difficult to go onto Twitter and understand if you're seeing what anyone else sees.
And in fact,
You're not.
We already know that we're not.
And so it can be very frustrating to go on Twitter and to see what other people are doing and imagine what other people are seeing and trying to understand what's going on there.
You can't.
And I need to be reminded of that almost every day by someone in my family or by my dog.
Sometimes it's just my dog that comes in my bed and puts her paws on my face like, will you please stop looking at that abyss?
but it is exactly this abyss that got us here because Kevin McKernan, for example, was on podcasts very early in 2020 claiming that it was there where he was having these meaningful conversations about the truth.
And it is of course there over the last three years that a large sect of the world has come to understand Elon Musk as preserving the freedom of the town square around the world using Twitter.
Stop lying.
And that's why we've come to the stage where I feel like you can really summarize it like this.
You can see them because they won't talk.
They won't talk about what they were doing in 2020 in particular.
They definitely don't want you to know exactly what they were talking about in 2020 because if you saw it, you would be shocked at how close Kevin McKernan
and Brett Weinstein are.
Brett Weinstein, the guy with the dad who's like one of the biggest arbitrators of biotechnology in America that did this case after case after case that's kind of relevant for all kinds of things like the FDA and stuff and goes all the way back to being the first patent lawyer appointed to the Department of Justice in the Department of Justice of Bobby Kennedy's dad.
You know, his uncle, John F. Kennedy, he appointed him to the Department of Justice that was headed by his brother, you know, the dad of that guy.
It's very hard for me to hold this truth inside and not be a little bit afraid every time I say it out loud, because at first I contacted Bobby and said, Hey, Bobby, you know, uh, did you know that Brett Weinstein had you on his podcast in November of 2021 and only showed it now in February of 2023.
And it wasn't really clear if Bobby was even aware of that.
So then I said, well, you know what, but you might not also be aware then that his dad actually worked with your dad.
It's not like Bobby called me up and then said, what?
You're kidding me.
I'm begging someone to understand this, okay?
Because I'm seeing an alien that very few people can see and I'm telling the truth so they can't say anything.
Otherwise, you know, somebody would have sued me by now.
Somebody would have called me up and said, shut up.
But they can't.
They know they can't.
And so I'm a huge problem.
This is as close as you get to putting something in stone in modern culture, a book by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
that they're still selling.
I mean, I have a chance that this book will be in a library for a very long time.
So that means that Sina Bavari's paper and that reference will be in the library for a very long time.
And that means that the idea that clones are the basic methodology of virology will actually be in the library for a long time.
And then my statement that's on page 400, and let's see, I'll look in the index.
where I said that they wouldn't even need a virus, on page 441, it is actually gonna be in the library for a long time, which is kind of cool.
Because of all the people that we're supposed to be listening to, not very many people can say that they were a medical school faculty member in America at the time that the pandemic started.
Not very many people can say that they had a YouTube channel where they were trying to teach their own field
on a bicycle before the pandemic.
Not very many people can say that they worked with a Nobel Prize winning lab during one of their postdocs before the pandemic.
Not very many people can say that they've been to a seminar by Ron Fauchier while they were working at Erasmus in the Netherlands during their second postdoc.
It's so weird because all of these things that they could be bringing up and saying that, look, this guy's a bad guy, actually also make it even crazier that I would come out in the beginning of the pandemic so naively and just say, hey, it looks like maybe this is a lab leak.
I mean, why wouldn't it be a lab leak?
There's all kinds of stuff in the bulletin of atomic scientists that says there's lab leaks all over the place.
I was doing everything I needed to do to be the ultimate Scooby-Doo sleuth.
So much so that Jessica Rose has been on my program.
Mary Talley Bowden has been on my program.
Augusto Rue has been on my program.
Jessica Rose has been on my, all these people were on my program very early.
Kevin McKernan honored me with two appearances on my stream.
And now somehow or another, I've just, you know, I've just burnt all these bridges and I had a job with Bobby as a private consultant for a year and then CHD for a half a year working under Brian Hooker.
I guess I burnt those bridges too because streaming from my, the back of my garage is so fun and so lucrative.
And it's just, it's ludicrous because the only narrative that makes sense here is that every single thing I'm talking about with these, with regard to my experience with these people is not being distorted.
The only thing that makes sense is that these people are coordinating their actions.
And unfortunately, so many of them have over time coordinated their actions with me.
And with regard to me, and I've been able to see it and they've blown it.
And I don't even have everybody up here because if I put everybody up here, then everybody who I already know is working against America.
And that's what this is.
This is a group of traders and foreigners that are helping to orchestrate the controlled demolition of the American Republic.
And if that idea is wrong, I'm probably going to go to my grave believing it.
Everyone from Alex Jones to Brett Weinstein to Kevin McKernan to Jessica Rose, they're all working against specifically America.
That's why they're not saving Israel and Canada and all these places where they're actually from.
That's why a lot of these groups that are based in certain places outside of America don't do anything, almost, in the place that they're based.
But they do a lot of noise-making in America and on American social media in English.
That's why that fake French guy that came on the show a couple days ago came on and said that he was anonymous and it wouldn't do him any good if he came out and he can't point to anybody, anything that he's done in France because he didn't stand up yet.
And I don't wanna be a creep, but I'm one of the first people that actually stood up, that had anything to lose and lost it.
I lost a house I was renting to own.
I lost a career that I worked 20 years for.
And I lost a position and a microscope and a lab and students that I never, ever, ever would have given up if I would have given the choice to been able to stay.
I wouldn't have taken a shot.
I would have continued to speak out about it, but I would have worked as hard as I could to keep that job.
I loved it.
And more importantly, I thought I owed some people, you know, because they had helped me.
And I believed in what I was working on.
And there are very few people on that side of that screen over there who can tell you a story like that.
Ahmed Malik's story is not like that.
Dan Wilson's story is not like that.
Zuby's story is not like that.
Brett Weinstein's story.
There's nobody over there who has a real story like that where they've lost something.
Did Robert Malone have to give up the house that biosecurity state bought him?
No.
Did Kevin McKernan have to give up the house that the biosecurity state bought him?
Did Brett Weinstein have to give up the wealth or the position or the social media fame that his fake operation at Evergreen and his half a million dollar settlement got him?
Nope.
It looks to me like Ryan Coles is in danger of losing something, but he may have had already so much that he's just losing the ability to make more.
If you can retire, it's not exactly the same thing as your family might be homeless if you can't pay your rent and you don't own anything.
And so I want to make very clear here, ladies and gentlemen, that, yeah, I'm a little bit pissed because, again, if you just do the scoreboard, I'm one of the least people that deserves to have a crack pipe put in my mouth by any of these anonymous accounts unless I'm doing it better and actually showing you the truth.
That's the only thing they have left.
We need to fear free-range RNA molecules is the book.
That's the message of this book.
That's why it's so extraordinary if you go into this book and find out all the stuff that I got in it, and that it's all nicely indexed, and that it gets a huge hat tip in the acknowledgments as the first listed expert.
They tried really hard with me.
And I'm trying to offer up to my children the truth.
Someday my kids are gonna watch this stuff and I'm not gonna be ashamed, you see?
I wonder if Kevin McCarron is keeping all of his videos for his kids to watch when he's gone.
I wonder if Charles Rixey is keeping all of his videos from his Vajon Health appearances and his private conversations with Jeffrey Sachs so that his kids can know exactly how much of a hero he was.
Does Jessica Rose have any kids to pass on her legacy to?
What about Kevin McKernan?
And what did Robert Malone's adult children already know about what their dad did?
Is he risking anything?
Of course not.
Every day my kids go out into a world where they know that most of the adults would think that their dad was crazy if they knew what their dad did.
How many of these other people are taking that risk?
Or took it?
Was Steve Kirsch taking that risk when he was using his contacts with Robert Malone to try and get EUAs and funding early treatment protocols?
Was Robert Malone risking it when he was running the domain program?
Was Brett Weinstein risking anything when he was telling people to wear bandanas to lockdown and to wear woodshop goggles to the store?
Mike Eden was risking everything.
Mike Eden was in front of the UK parliament saying it was bullshit.
Thomas Binder spent some time in a psychiatric ward.
I'm making some pretty bold accusations and I'm not pulling any punches and I'm very curious as to how come it's crickets.
And I know why, because the truth is available on the internet still.
All you gotta do is look up the podcasts that are still on YouTube.
Shouldn't this have been bounced if it was really controversial?
Shouldn't it have been bounced because he was saying that it's not a real novel virus and we have previous immunity.
Isn't that kind of a scary thing to have said in May?
Shouldn't it have been censored?
until you realize and listen that what he said was no more dangerous to the narrative than what Brett Weinstein said.
When you drop the possibility that it's a lab leak, but I'm gonna need to see some pretty big evidence first, you're seeding the exact same Scooby-Doo just in a different titrated way, and he's succeeded in being sort of present everywhere on this side of the debate for years now.
And when you see that consistent presence for years now, circulating among the same people for years now, there's no other way to see it.
It's very likely that these people are, these two in particular, are kind of near the middle of it in the sense of they've been so central to it for so long.
Jessica Rose on this paper with Peter McCullough very early.
Robert Malone doing all kinds of other things very early before he ended up having to come on this side of the narrative.
And when he came forward, it was first almost like they wanted to just claim credit for the RNA.
And of course, this podcast now is just extraordinary when you watch it.
I can almost get sick every time I listen to the introduction because he says all kinds of crazy stuff that really is not what I know.
And then he only reads the first paragraph of my thesis because the last paragraph is where I say the stuff about synthetic RNA and DNA and the fact that that's all they would need to use.
And so it's okay to say it's lies as long as it's not lies about the whole story, as long as it's just lies about the shots.
And that's the problem, right?
That's the real big problem.
What I want is that this guy has described it so well, but in a very cursory and brochure-like fashion, not to let you know how many different people like Epigirl would be in the background.
And there were indeed many, many people.
It's not just Epigirl, it's Epigirl and the people that argue with her.
It's the inventor that argues with the Nobel Prize winner.
essentially Weissman and Malone and Cullis and Carriot, whatever her name is, they're all kind of part of this debate and can be from a distance used as lights that oppose each other.
I mean, think about what Dowd has done and not done for us by not telling us that it's murder in 2020 then.
Maybe he's even hiding the murder in 2020, and that's why they have him at this meeting instead of Denny Rancourt, who, although he won't say murder, he has said that something else is going wrong.
It must be the government killing people if there's no spreading thing.
So he's come close to saying it.
Maybe he's just safer than me not writing Denny off at all, because again, that was one of the clues about this group.
was that a month or two earlier, there had been a very similar gathering in Romania of all places.
And Denny Rancourt and Nick Hudson were invited there.
And then when they came back, this person in particular, sorry, these two people in particular, these two people in particular wrote blogs about seeing Denny Rancourt's amazing presentation that said 17 million people were killed by the shot worldwide.
and ignored the part of his presentation where there's no evidence of a spreading risk additive pathogen because it never crossed borders.
And so that's, again, part of this limited spectrum of debate on the internet between people who agree to argue about certain things like early treatment.
argue about certain things like IFR and CFR or whether the calculated CFR or the calculated IFR is what we should be arguing about or determining when and where lockdowns should be applied and ah!
And that's what I really despise about this guy because this guy is one of the fakest of all the fakes because he knew almost everything that I've been teaching for the last four years since 2021 because he was in a private signal chat with me where I was saying all this stuff.
Was I as good at it as I am now?
No, but I was good enough.
And instead he's rising by 30,000 viewers a day and going all around the world touring with all these other
pre-programmed thought leaders that were auditioning for years before the pandemic, of course.
They've been using people like this for years to orchestrate the controlled manipulation of the conscious and intelligent habits and opinions of the masses for decades already.
And so you need to get familiar with these people and the fact that they are almost certainly coordinatedly providing this illusion of consensus that there was likely a lab leak.
And that means there could be one again.
There's no way that this picture can exist.
These pictures can exist.
There's no way that these pictures can exist unless there is a coordinated group of people agreeing to lie about the existence and potential of pandemics.
There's no other way to explain it.
And these pictures include pictures which imply how the narrative was curated and who they used to do it.
I'm being very serious now because I do not want to pull any punches and I don't want anybody to be surprised at the kinds of things that I say when I'm on stage in South Dakota.
There is no other way to explain these photographs existing and many, many more like them.
There's no other way to explain it.
Don't make me frame by frame it.
There is a very lively debate happening right now that I am not involved in and will never be involved in because these people are curating something that I'm not a part of.
And that's why they don't promote me.
That's why they don't humbly admit that, wow, I learned a lot of stuff from that guy.
I mean, a lot of stuff.
Like he really cleared a lot of stuff up for me that I couldn't tie together.
None of them will say that.
now i don't i'm not saying that everybody's got to say that but the people that are are in multiple photographs with me better damn well say that people that credit me as the first expert in their freaking book about wuhan better damn well say that don't you see why that's a problem that there's a rockefeller lady in the row behind me up there in boston
that took John Bodwin out for breakfast with Meryl Nass in Boston the morning before Bobby's little announcement.
John Bodwin's been on my program a couple times.
He knows exactly what the clone theory means.
The only way that he's ignoring me is because Kevin McKernan and Steve Kirsch told him to.
There's no other way to explain it because I don't think John Bodwin's a bad guy.
And there's lots of people like that.
Because there's so many of these people that are willing to lie about one thing in particular and then fight very vigorously about everything else.
I don't think Jimmy Dore is a bad guy either.
I think he knows very well what could happen to him because he's been at Hollywood parties and has friends that have been to Hollywood parties and he knows that wet work does occasionally happen and they call it drugged overdoses.
There's no one else on the internet doing this.
And that doesn't mean I'm crazy.
It means that the gates of the trap are almost shut.
They have control almost over every nozzle and they have control over almost every console.
They have someone planted at almost every station, at every exit.
And they have been planting these people in place for decades.
so that the organized habits and opinions of the masses can be efficiently controlled by simply attributing bad motives to the people who disagree.
Please tell me that there's a better way to say it than I just did, and then I'll say it that way.
But intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is crazy.
and transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent because we understood what it did and didn't do and the many limitations of it because so many hundreds of thousands of academic biologists have used transfection and transformation in their animal models of the systems that they study.
And they know that this does not usefully augment that animal system and they could never have imagined that it could be tweaked in such a way to usefully augment the immune system of their own kids
unless there was an illusion of consensus that was so strong that even a reasonably intelligent and awake person in an academic setting would be unable to escape.
That's where we are, ladies and gentlemen.
That's why that picture exists.
That's why an RNA cannot pandemic.
There are easier ways to say it, and I think you can use those too if you want.
You can use those to, let's watch a movie.
Oh yeah, sorry, I forgot.
Just to let you know, the crack pipe thing actually progressed.
And now we can say that weaponized piles of money have murdered people and gotten Zuby and Dan Wilson to agree about it being a lab leak.
The funny thing is, is that Dan, debunk the funk, decided to say crack pipe.
Isn't that weird?
Are they really?
Are they so coordinated and so weak in their list of ways to attack?
Hey, you know that mouse?
He kind of got Jay to get really angry about the crack pipe.
No, I just kept circling back to the idea that he wanted to make the argument that I attacked him, but all I said was is that all accounts are dangerous if they're anonymous.
And so then his answer to weaponize piles of money of murdered people was to put a crack pipe in my mouth and interestingly debunk the funk, come and defend your claims.
What claims?
I don't need to defend anything.
The whole video is right there for you.
I did it yesterday.
You can watch it yourself, Dan.
The video shows very clearly that you and Zuby are about as deep of thinkers as two four-year-olds in a pool in the sun.
It's pretty funny.
This is really like retarded kids throwing ice cubes at the sun at this point.
That's what this is.
That's what Dan Wilson is doing.
That's what all of these people, these anonymous accounts are.
I don't wanna, sorry, I know some people don't like that word, but it's really, that's really what it is.
It's liars throwing ice cubes at the sun.
How about that?
Witting or unwitting liars throwing ice cubes at the sun.
And not to say that I'm the sun, but it's to do, to say this, you know, asymmetric kind of argument is so pathetic at this stage that all I can do is say that I gotta put the crack pipe down.
And so this is these people, right?
Zuby is a wonderful example of a person who really, really engaged in some meaningful debate on Twitter.
Ooh, was he vigorous.
Oh, he was using so many words that him and Dan Wilson got into a big argument for over a year.
And this podcast discussion has been long overdue.
And Dan Wilson has been fighting tooth and nail since he finally converted from being a conspiracy theorist to understanding that the TV actually does tell the truth.
Which is a very interesting conversion that a surprisingly rare number of people have, where they're like, hey, wait a minute, I used to think that 9-11 was a conspiracy, but now I realize they told us the truth all along.
I mean, it's really comical to me.
And so you can see Zuby and you can see Dan Wilson and you can see Pierre Corey and you can see Robert Malone and Brett Weinstein and his wife, who probably doesn't know what her husband is doing.
And so many others like Jessica Rose as being people who really, really, really pretended hard, you know, I'm gonna push this VAERS data out.
And of course, pushing the VAERS data out at the beginning of 2020 or the beginning of 2021, or whenever she started doing it, was also pushing the assumption that the evidence of harm of the old vaccine schedule wasn't there.
And only now with this big spike, do we see a signal we've never seen before.
So it's really like Jessica Rose's primary
object was to come out and make sure that once and for all the books were closed on the old vaccines.
Because she can show a decade of VAERS data that shows almost no signal.
Never mind that the VAERS data has always been bullshit, right?
Never mind that.
Let's look at the fact that if the VAERS data is pretty right, then it looks like we're really in trouble now, but not before.
Don't you see how magical it is once you start to dive into what they were doing in 2020 and really look at it objectively?
And that's exactly why they're selling t-shirts right now that say, the COVID shots are bad, but don't talk about 2020.
They're still doing the same fake act.
They're still spreading bad ideas on the internet and misleading everyone, but especially the young, because essentially by misleading adults, you end up having them teach it to their kids, which is the worst part about it.
That's why I say it that way.
Gain of function is a mythology that they, these people, want us to teach to our kids.
That's why Bret Weinstein is doing it.
That's why Meryl Nass is doing it.
They want us to teach it to our kids, because then they're enslaved.
And it was by will.
It's not our fault you did it.
And so one of the illusions that they created was, of course, the fall of Minneapolis.
And if you haven't seen this documentary yet, I'm going to
pretty much sit back and just let it play.
I might make faces and I will take some notes.
But I'm going to try very hard not to pause it too often unless I really need to point out how the narrative was sculpted.
And so the point being, of course, that it wasn't just the pandemic and just the existence of a novel virus, but also the ramp up of this multi-gender rainbow ideology.
also the ramp up of racism and unrest and institutional racism or systemic racism and how the system has been rigged against black people for so long that white people just have to like, I don't know, I guess they have to give up everything that they own.
and feel guilty for the rest of their kids' lives because somehow there's this existence of white privilege.
You cannot forget.
You cannot forget that they did that in 2020 and 2021 and 2022 with the use of this rhetoric with Trump and everything else was all part of the same fire.
A friend of mine ended up losing a multimillion dollar company because he tweeted Floyd 19.
This was some serious PSYOP shit.
And if you think only of the pandemic and focus only on these pandemic pseudo heroes and what they're arguing about, it's such a limited spectrum of a debate that you don't realize how the very foundation of our country was shaken to the core by this pandemic.
And it wasn't just the lockdowns and stuff that that's all they wanna talk about.
Can you imagine a patriot not showing this movie?
I just can't believe that not one of these people has ever promoted it as evidence that this national security state would lie to you about anything to create the chaos that they need to demolish American, the American Republic, whatever's left of it.
They need to create enough chaos so that we open the constitution to editing and so that we,
We screw ourselves.
And this movie should be very convincing with regard to, wait a minute, I thought I understood what happened in Minneapolis and with George Floyd.
Oh, ladies and gentlemen, I assure you, we still don't know.
We still don't know what happened in Minneapolis for sure.
In the world of trading, timing is everything.
They're called bionic boomers.
I'm sorry, this is my mech.
I hope it won't do this to us too often.
Okay, I can read the chat now a little better in case anybody had something you want me to catch up on again.
Did he do a podcast with Nick Hudson?
Yeah, that's not great.
That's not great.
Pierre Cory was not an expert witness for the Floyd case.
You've got to be crapping me.
You've got to be crapping me, Pamela.
No way, Pamela.
I don't believe you, Pamela.
Oh my gosh, no way.
No way.
Oh my gosh.
okay i'm just gonna let it play like i said unless somebody says pause pause pause pause pause sorry my rodney shirt is bleeding
Holy crap!
Stop spreading misinformation in my chat, Mark.
What is going on?
Okay.
Yep, yep, just head back in.
You see your hands?
I'm sorry.
Back in.
I'm sorry, Mr. Officer.
I'm so sorry.
God dang, man.
Man, I got shot the same way, Mr. Officer, before.
Okay, well, when I say let me see your hands, you put your fucking hands up.
Man, I'm so sorry, Mr. Officer.
You got him?
Man, dang, man.
Put your hands on top of your head.
Let me in, Mr. Officer.
Last time I got shot like that, Mr. Officer.
Hands on top of your head.
Step out of the vehicle and step away from me, all right?
Step out and face away.
Please don't shoot me.
Please, man.
I'm not going to shoot you.
Step out and face away.
I'm going to get out of here, man.
Please don't shoot me, man.
I just lost my mom, man.
Step out and face away.
Please don't shoot me, Mr. Officer.
Please don't shoot me, man.
Step out and face away.
Can you not shoot me, man?
I'm not shooting you.
Step out and face away.
Okay.
Please.
Please, man.
He's not really following directions.
I didn't know, man.
Get out of the car.
I didn't know.
Stop moving.
Put your hands behind your back, then.
I'm not going to do nothing.
Face at the door.
Hey, you come back, stay in the car.
I don't think Chauvin is there yet though.
Chauvin is not either of these guys.
I don't think so.
Stop resisting, man.
See?
Was the other guy Chauvin or not?
Yes, you are.
Stand up.
Please, please, man.
Stand up for me.
Stand up.
I don't want to go back there.
I ain't gonna do nothing wrong, man.
Come on, walk with me.
Walk with me.
Come on, please, man.
Stand up.
Come on.
We're trying to get out of the street here so you don't get hit by a car.
Yeah, that's not Chauvin.
That's a bald guy.
That's not the dude that everybody said was standing by.
Take a seat.
Sit down for me.
Thank you, man.
Thank you, Mr. Owens.
Sit down.
Thank you, man.
Sit all the way down.
Yes, sir.
I will.
Please, man.
Please.
You got an ID on you?
I got to get one at home.
All right, what's your name?
George.
Palantir Productions, exactly.
I don't know what's going on.
Wow, nice one.
Man, that's it.
Spell it for me.
G-E-O.
Yep.
R-G-E.
Last name?
Floyd.
Hello, man.
F-L-O-Y-D.
F-L-O-Y-D?
Yes.
date of birth.
October 14
If you mind doing me a favor, just run this guy over.
George Floyd.
Thank you.
Man, you know why we're here?
We're here because it sounds like you gave a fake bill to the individuals in there.
You understand that?
And do you know why we pulled you out of the car?
Because you was not listening to anything we told you.
You listened to us, and we will tell you what's going on, all right?
When you're moving around like that, that makes us think way more is going on than we need to know.
And that's all I have.
Got you, all right.
We're going to put you in the back of a squad, all right?
Can I talk to you?
Yeah, we're going to sort all this out, all right?
Is that your car key?
It's my sister's.
Key fob right there?
Yes, sir.
I got one problem.
Yeah, I'm going to hold on to that for you, all right?
Stand up.
Yeah, and look it, you're still able to reach your side.
You're making me nervous.
Yeah, I got you.
We'll fix all that.
We'll fix all that, but you've got to walk with me.
Ouch!
Ouchie, man!
Are you on something right now?
No, nothing.
He's a really big dude to be making that much pain.
It's kind of like he's like a soccer player that fell down.
Let's go.
You got foam around your mouth, too?
Yes.
Yes, I was just moving earlier.
OK.
All right, let me calm down now.
It's a little better now.
OK, you do me one favor, man.
And we're going to talk about that when we get to the car.
Stop moving around.
Oh, man.
God, don't leave me, man.
Please, man, don't leave me, man.
Please, don't leave me, man.
Just unlock the door for me.
I didn't do anything.
Hey, stand up.
Stop falling down.
I'm about to fall again.
Stand up.
Stay on your feet and face the car door.
Please, man.
I mean, he's a big dude.
Keep the door open.
I guess the handcuffs could be painful, but.
Man, you ain't listening to nothing we're saying, so we're not going to listen to nothing you're saying.
Face the door.
I mean, he's big.
I hear you, but you are going to face this door right now.
I don't do anything.
I don't believe you got anything, man.
I'm not a resistor, man.
I'm not.
You can ask him.
He know me.
He didn't risk himself.
That's weird.
Why is this going on like this?
Look at my wrist, Mr. Olsen.
I'm not that kind of guy.
Sit still.
Please.
I'm not that kind of guy, Mr. Olsen.
All right.
Don't leave me by myself, man, please.
I'm just claustrophobic.
That's it.
Anything sharp on you?
Do you have anything sharp on you?
Not even like a comb or nothing?
Stand up straight.
You got him?
Yes, I'll crack it.
I will.
God, man.
I didn't know all this was going to happen, man.
Please, man.
I just want my hands free.
I don't want to do nothing to y'all, man.
Nothing.
And I understand that people do stuff.
And y'all don't know me.
Take a seat.
OK, OK, OK, OK.
Why are you having trouble walking?
Because that was my hands.
We won't feed you, man.
Please don't do this.
Take a seat.
I'm going in.
No, you're not.
Take a seat.
I'm not the kind of guy.
I'm not that kind of guy, man.
Take a seat.
No, I'm gonna die here.
I'm gonna die, man.
You need to take a seat right now.
And I just had COVID, man.
I don't want to go back to that.
Hey, I'll roll the windows down.
Hey, listen.
Dang, man.
Listen.
I'm not looking at a guy.
I'll roll the windows down.
Put your legs in, all right?
I'll put the air on.
Look at that.
You're not even listening.
Look at it.
We can fix it, but not while you're standing in front of me.
Hey, man.
God, y'all do me bad, man.
Man, you didn't win.
Man, I don't want to try to win.
I don't want to try to win.
Quit resisting, bro.
I don't want to win.
I'm testophobic.
You ain't going to win.
I got anxiety.
I don't want to do nothing.
You made a mistake.
Somebody's not going with you.
When I start breathing, it's going to pop on me, man. 3.39.
You can't win.
I'm not trying to win.
Don't get in the car, man.
Don't get in the car.
You know it.
You know it's a result.
Y'all hear me?
Don't do me like that, man.
Get in the car.
OK, I told you, please.
Get in this car.
We can talk.
I am a testophobic.
I'm not a phobic man.
I'm hearing you, but you're not working with me.
God, I'm claustrophobic, man.
I'm in the car, man.
You ain't gonna win, though, whatever you win.
I'm in the car.
Can you get me in the front?
Please.
No, you're not getting in the front.
I'm claustrophobic, officer.
Get in the car.
OK, man, OK.
I'm not a bad guy, man.
Get in the car.
I'm not a bad guy.
Ah!
Oh, man.
Please, officer.
Please.
Take a seat.
Ah!
Please, man.
Please.
No, I can't.
Take a seat.
I can't.
I can't joke.
I can't breathe, officer.
I'm sorry if this is disturbing.
It could very well be that he swallowed some stuff before he got pulled over, that he's paranoid for whatever reason, that he's going to get sicker.
He is freaking out about being put in the car, which for a person with a previous arrest record seems a little bit strange to me.
I'm not saying he's lying.
I'm just saying there are reasons to.
to relax a little bit.
He wants to be on the ground.
Get in the squad.
So this is, I'm going to go back just a couple seconds because I missed that little pause there.
This right here is a 2022, October 22, 2023,
He wants you to know that he was the medical expert who testified in his civil case that he did not die of a fentanyl overdose.
So he was killed by the cop on him, I guess.
And Pierre Corey is the guy who actually testified to that and actually promotes Tucker Carlson saying that.
You see how cross promotion is the way you see them?
And do you see how extraordinary it is that when we look backwards and then it's suddenly like, wait, what?
George Floyd and Pierre Corey and, and Tucker Carlson all line up in a row.
What?
And then what did they use that to cause the rest of our citizens to do to each other?
and argue about and what questions were we asking for the next seven or eight months?
The wrong ones, that's for sure.
Is it okay to protest with COVID around?
Get in the squad.
Yeah, defund the police, exactly.
I tend to agree that it's probably more for their cameras than anything else.
This guy's been under arrest so many times that you would think it would be a relatively
well understood encounter.
And he definitely would understand that the more resistance he puts, I mean, it's just absurd that this is not something else.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know who's doing it or why they did it, but it's all part of the same theater that's designed to govern us and our children by a bunch of mythologies that we can never
ever see through because we have all this illusion of consensus on television and social media about what the relevant questions to ask are.
Like, did he die of an overdose or did he actually die of the officer kneeling on his neck?
Well, Pierre Kory's got the answer.
Stop lying!
I'm not COVID, man.
I can't breathe.
Oh, okay.
Well, I stand corrected, Freeman Ace, because I'm not a cop.
I don't know how criminals behave.
That's true.
Take a seat.
He's under arrest right now for forgery.
Well, he has a South Korean name.
I don't know what's going on.
Or a Korean name, isn't it?
I don't know.
South Korean.
Leave, man.
I can't fucking breathe.
Hey, come on out.
Thank you.
On the ground.
No, opioids don't make you behave like that, as far as I know.
Especially not in high quantities.
Exactly.
You got your, uh...
It's interesting because no one did say that he was under arrest.
I think you're right about that.
He's already saying I can't breathe.
He can't breathe though because he's saying mama.
You can't say mama if you can't breathe.
Yeah, he is saying mama.
I don't know.
I don't, again.
All right.
Oh my God.
I can't believe this.
I can't believe this, man.
Mama, I love you.
Rich, I love you.
You got hobble?
He's repeating, so he's breathing in when he says words.
In 2020, George Floyd says, I got shot last time.
Man, I got shot last time.
That ain't right, man.
And you would have been the last officer to arrest George Floyd.
Did you shoot him?
No, I didn't shoot him.
No.
The body camera is out there.
It shows exactly what I did, exactly what the other officers did.
No, we didn't shoot him.
How was George Floyd acting during that arrest in 2019?
Everything was almost identical.
I mean, the initial stop, when I first started to approach him, you know, he was uncooperative.
He wasn't listening to my commands.
He was very agitated.
Just keep your hands up where I can see them.
Hey.
Let me.
Keep your hands where I can see them.
Let me see your hands.
Stay in the car.
Let me see your other hand.
I'm sorry.
Both hands.
Put your fucking hands up right now.
During the time, I couldn't see his hands.
He was moving around.
We found out later he was probably eating dope.
Open your mouth.
Spit out what you got.
I just lost my mom, man.
Step on the face away.
Go ahead and undo your seat belt.
Don't shoot me, man.
Please, I don't want to get shot.
I don't plan on shooting you.
I'm just saying, just take your time.
Step on the face away.
OK, if I was a police, don't shoot me.
Please, man.
I'm not going to shoot you.
Step on the face away.
I'm going to get out of here, man.
Please don't shoot me, man.
for five whole excruciating minutes.
For eight minutes and 46 seconds.
846, 846.
Now I am gonna pause here because I want you to understand what this is.
Just like the laugh track on a TV sitcom, this is the illusion of consensus that they created about what happened.
And how they created it was with an illusion of consensus, an agreement across social media and mainstream media to say certain things so that almost everyone in America had the same basic thoughts.
And that's a real, real dangerous avenue to walk.
But if you see how they did it with George,
then you're gonna see how easily they did it with COVID and still are doing it today.
Listen to this.
And it's in 46 seconds.
Nine minutes and 29 seconds.
Nine minutes and 29 seconds, right?
Actually eight minutes and 46 seconds.
I can think of a few other cameras that we still haven't seen from yet.
Our heart and our solidarity are with folks who understand what happened Monday night to George Floyd.
The vast majority of people that have come together have been doing so peacefully.
Peaceful protests overnight in the Twin Cities, several dozen arrests at the state capitol.
That entire time, they've been very peaceful.
The crowd continues to be peaceful.
It started out as a lot of people gathering, which is your first amendment, right?
But it quickly changed.
My husband actually left for work before me.
He works for Minneapolis Police Department.
And he texted me on the way into work and said, you're going to have a bad day.
And he was correct.
The crowds got larger and larger and larger.
So we knew that we were going to have our hands full.
Each day, it just compounded.
By the end of the day, it was probably 1,000 people.
And then the next day, it was 4,000 people.
What you should see is this is like a DITRA and DOD experiment, an HHS experiment on how they can use the control of information to get people to do stuff.
And then they can have private meetings with each other and say, look, here's what we did on Twitter.
Here's what we did on Facebook.
How well did it work?
Well, we tried this out in New York, and we tried this out in LA, and we tried this over here with this group of people, and we got all this stuff working, and for seven months, they were jerking us around with their different strings, and their different narratives, and their different social media bubbles.
different Lollapalooza of lies or liars where it doesn't matter what stage you go to, you're gonna get the same bullshit.
Please see how magical it is that we can now use the same kind of insight about the brick walls of the theater or the borders of the hog trap to see that actually the borders of the hog trap are visible within this PSYOP too.
because we are not just governed by a public health mythology.
We are governed by a real politic mythology about big countries and big, big nations and world leaders rather than weaponized piles of money.
And then the day after that, it was like 8,000 to 10,000 people.
I think it's really important for people to understand that the police that were working the street at that time were dealing with situations that, in my mind, only you could think of as wartime.
This is like a modern-day war zone.
I mean, this is unbelievable what is happening on the streets of Minneapolis.
So we are seeing someone being wheeled away, someone who looks pretty badly injured.
They threw a whole bunch of bottles and rocks, and I got hit in my mouth.
I ended up breaking three more teeth.
Break that suit!
We were dodging water bottles, bricks, Roman candles, anything they could get their hands on.
It was crazy.
It was like I was living in a... Does anyone remember that there was this dude who was walking around in all black in Minneapolis and he was like in three different videos where he was kind of initiating the violence?
This is crazy what you're going to see.
third world country.
I'm like, what is going on?
Where do I live right now?
And this is a thing that bothered me about government officials, is they let people sit back and throw rocks and bricks and firebombs.
And we're supposed to just put on a helmet and take that.
We are still taking rocks, frozen water bottles.
They're shooting mortars at us.
Can we escalate?
Frozen water bottles?
Who in their right mind thinks of that?
What person is like, I'm going down to stand up for this guy that they just killed, and I'm going to bring a bunch of frozen water bottles?
Come on, guys.
There were stacks of bricks in multiple cities.
I mean, it's crazy, guys.
It's crazy once you see it.
When did you realize this wasn't a typical riot response?
Pretty early on, there was no response at all.
They didn't say why, but I assumed they didn't want to make us look militant with the rioters.
I actually had gear, but they were just saying, just wear your helmets and stand there, basically.
Obviously they didn't take my request for more resources seriously.
So we were just watching it unfold without less than lethal, without SWAT teams, without riot gear.
Nobody had protective gear on.
We were just in our uniforms.
At this point, they're not giving you permission to wear your riot gear?
Nope.
There was no riot gear given to anybody at that point.
And we're in the middle of a war zone.
It was just officer after officer.
Injured, back in.
Sent him home.
Injured, I mean it was 30 officers that evening probably that got injured while they were out there trying to deal with the riots.
We were in a squad car, me and my partner, and we were at Chicago and Lake, and we had an observe and report post, basically.
So we watched them with our own two eyes break into the T-Mobile store, Foot Locker, Chicago Lake Liquors.
We were given a play-by-play over the radio, and the only sponsor we would get back is just copy, observe, and report.
We watched them loot.
We watched- What I think you have to be most afraid of and aware of now is that social media does this.
Just with social media, they did this.
The question now is, can we investigate how they did it and to what extent they forced it to happen?
And maybe even sent messages between people that weren't from those people to make them convinced that we're agreeing that we're gonna go crazy today.
Just like they made us go crazy in stores and buy toilet paper.
They have been mocking us with these buttons and with these strings that they can pull.
And they have been testing whether which strings are the most useful, which types of strings are the most useful to pull.
I ate the Molotov cocktail and we watched them throw it into the building.
They're starting to throw Molotov cocktails.
We were ordered not to do anything.
Fire department wasn't responding, and we were trying to put out fires along, and cars were trying to run us off the road.
We were trying to do that.
All kinds of things were happening to our team.
And it wasn't just me, but all the strike teams and all the officers during that time.
The stuff that was going on, you know, shots fired.
It was completely utter chaos.
This was just kind of wandering around aimlessly, waiting to be told what not to do next.
It's a test run.
What they did to Minneapolis, they also did to Portland.
And I'm becoming more and more convinced that if they wanted to do it almost anywhere, they could.
And if they wanted to do it everywhere at once, they could.
And it seems like they're putting more and more people in place so that they can.
And I think we need to become aware of how we're being set up with regard to the election and the internet and power and resources and food.
We need to understand it as a crisis right now that we are being set up.
The trap is almost closed and we need to be able to see our recent history in the correct light so that as many people as possible can use this recent history to wake up
and to find a way out of the cave that they're in.
Holy man, are we in trouble.
I think it's almost one o'clock and I think I have to go to the gym with the boys.
Just let me check very quick if they're still here.
And if they are, then I will just be on later this afternoon to finish this movie.
Yes, they're still here.
I think they signed up for one o'clock.
So if you guys don't mind,
Again, check out these articles, if you will, Pierre Khoury's medical musings.
And also, check out the Everyone Lied, Tucker Carlson, again, read in very early, it looks like to me.
I'm gonna get rid of this.
And I'm going to get over here, and I'm going to do this current slide.
And I'm going to say, yes, I'm still saying the same stuff.
I'm a big divider.
I'm a big bad guy, because I think intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
I think transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent.
And I think thousands and thousands of biologists and doctors around the world are still got a lot of awakening to do.
And RNA cannot pandemic is another thing that our children are going to, if I have anything to say about, grow up understanding and be able to teach to their children.
There are other ways to say this stuff.
So if you don't like those, you can say it simply.
Ladies and gentlemen, please stop all transfection in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
And yeah.
This has been GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
You can find this work at screen.gigaom.bio and you can find a way to support the work at gigaombiological.com.
Thank you very much everybody.
I will update the subscriber list today, either before or after this last
Monday we'll have an updated list.
Thank you, thank you, thank you guys very, very much for being here and I'll see you again after basketball.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying!